According to the original plot
Ye Chen has activated the Death Jade Pendant
Received the ancestral inheritance
Before long, he will dominate the entire elf
But there is also a mother jade pendant.
But I don't know that there is a powerful medical inheritance in it
Hmph, I'm going to get it
Sign it.
So you can pursue your mother without any worries
Dear money
Ruoxue
I don't want all the beautiful women in the village
I just want you
You lied to me again.
Then let me help you pursue Mu Qianqian, right?
Start today.
I'm only good to you.
Okay, I'll take you to the mall, okay?
This is a world-renowned designer
Clothes designed by Master McConnell
When it's time to attend Miss Qin Mengyao's birthday banquet
I'll show you.
It must look great on you.
Isn't this qualification given to you by Young Master Su?
Bullying you but wearing it for this Ye Chen to see
Yo
This is not the face of the first ten beautiful women of elves
Snow? Why do you dress so cheaply?
Oh, by the way, strict investment failure
Huge loss
You, the National Muse, are going to have an altar too
I have no grudge against you
Why are you targeting me?
As the hand of ten beautiful women
I can't breathe.
Why do you say
But now
I have Mai
Master Kang Lu gave me the qualifications to design clothes
You don't have the qualifications
Who says he's not qualified?